This week, Snick would like to point out that it's the little things we do for others that truly matter.
Heartfelt compliments.
Janet, you look beautiful.
A kind gesture.
Honest advice.
Your son's an idiot.
And tedious rules. Backbreaking chores.
Happy, happy, happy. Peel, peel, peel.
From us to you, Larissa, Red and Stimpy, Roundhouse and Are You Afraid of the Dark?
Snick, United Eight, Seven Central, Only on Nickelodeon.
Are you looking to put some?
Into Saturday night, if you want it,
Knicks got it.
At the Roundhouse.
It's Nickelodeon's Roundhouse.
The half-hour, hip-hop, comedy stop.
It's not like anywhere else.
And it's only on Nickelodeon.
With all this,
Saturdays will never be the same again.
So Snick, with Roundhouse.
Saturdays at 8.30, 7.30 Central.
Only on Nickelodeon.
New Doritos tortilla chips with more natural juice-labor.
Tell a few kids how to eat like this.
New dad.
So you've been to Green's Pizza?
Did you pick it up yourselves?
Today, beautiful means believable.
That's the natural look of Cover Girl Nikki Taylor.
Her makeup, Cover Girl, Clean Makeup.
Honest coverage with clean maxi and ingredients.
Good to your skin.
Clean makeup, so fresh, so true.
It's natural and new.
Cover Girl, we defining beautiful.
To unlock your body's potential,
we proudly offer Soloflex.
24 old-fashioned iron-pumping exercises.
Each correct in form and balance.
All on the simple machine
that fits in the corner of your home.
You can do it.
That fits in the corner of your home.
For a free brochure, call anytime.
Oatmeal crisp with raisins
is filled with lots of stuff you've got to savor.
Big flakes with oatmeal and brown sugar, raisins and almonds.
With so much to savor,
oatmeal crisp with raisins has the taste that refuses to be rushed.
In the kitchen at Ragout,
Chef Brinelli just made the chunkiest ragout sauce taste even better.
New ragout chunky garden style.
Born! Is it chunkier?
Chunkier than Prego spaghetti sauce.
Three times chunkier than Prego.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah!
Ragout chunky garden style.
Three times chunkier than Prego.
Extraordinary sauce.
Weekend.
No time.
No briefcase.
Just plastic.
It all boils down to this.
No other cards you can carry
is accepted in more places
and in more ways.
At home and abroad.
I got it.
Then Mastercard.
It's the only card you need.
Rooms.
Mastercard.
Not a bad day's work.
Master the moment.
Which scoopable litter would the experts prefer?
A leading litter or scoop-fresh cat litter?
They both clump.
But does your litter freshen between scoops?
That proves it.
Scoop-fresh freshens better.
Between scoops.
It's time to drop everything
and rush to Payless.
Why? Is the whole store on sale?
Yes, every single pair.
Yeah.
But how much can I save?
Like half.
Exactly. Buy one pair.
Get the second pair half price.
So I can pick out any pair I want.
Your choice.
Pay less. Buy one pair.
Get a second pair for half price sales.
And soon. So hurry.
Watch me.
It's time.
There's no mistake in it one.
Why don't you and me do some fancy stuff in a night?
This is why I used to call him Twinkletail.
Can you do this one?
You're not so bad yourself.
I'm sorry for you.
Thanks.
Come on with me.
Flattish from the top.
No, we know you love butter.
Flightsmiths found something other.
Move.
Over butter.
All the smoothness of butter.
With a rich creamy flavor.
Move.
Over butter.
It's either move over butter or nothing at all.
With sweet creamy buttermilk.
Zero cholesterol law.
Move.
Over butter.
You move over butter from the folks at Flightsmiths.
The Snicket.
Snicks there. Snicks here.
It's sneaking out.
Saturday night. Nickelodeon.
Snick.
And you can snick.
It's time. Snick.
Now.
This stuff is A, what kids today play with.
B, what my mom used to play with when she was a kid.
C, a waste of good plastic.
Or D, all of the above.
Seems that no matter what generation you belong to,
sooner or later things come back.
Dr. Fudgstein says nostalgia is the yearning
to experience people and things from one's past.
Look around.
Nostalgia is everywhere.
Love these.
The super group of the 60s.
Night anywhere.
Baby, baby, let's meet March.
Baby, baby, let's go.
So remember, you're never completely safe.
Who knows what other horrible
dated things from the past might come crawling into the present.
Sensitivity groups.
Disco fever.
Stone wash denim.
My mom's old boyfriend.
Justin Churchill.
Or Drew Barrymore, who said those who do not learn
from the past are doomed to repeat it.
Maybe that's why Mr. Fudgstein's making us
write our autobiographies.
Word begin.
Hmm. Clarissa.
I was a happy teenager,
doing the happy teenage thing.
But then came a major,
blast from the past.
I'm looking forward to it too, Joey.
Joey? Guess what?
Joey Russo's coming to town for a few days
to promote his new book,
Women Who Love Men, Who Love Women Who Love Men.
The Joey Russo
coming here?
Joey, you're hunky, dreamy, high school
heartthrob, Russo. Well, sport, you know,
high school was a long time ago.
He'll be here for dinner on the 15th.
Why? Well, your mother and Joey are old friends.
Mom and Captain Greenie
were old friends. Mom and Joey Russo are more than
friends they were. Oh, that's ancient
history, Clarissa. Well,
history repeats itself, you know.
Hi, Clarissa.
Okay.
Listen to this.
Some call it a touchdown,
others a hole in one.
But everyone agreed my parents had a grand
slam that October morning I was born.
So how does it sound?
Like ESPN?
What about the sports stuff? It's a hook.
All great writers have hooks.
It was my dad's idea
to spice up my autobiography with catchy
sports metaphors.
Maybe I'll give it a try.
Bottom of the ninth.
Face is looted.
Two men out. Marshall
Darling steps up to the plate.
But wait, he's being replaced by
Joey Russo. And nobody's cheering
louder than Janet Darling.
Hey, I
thought you said finally meaning Joey Russo could
be fun. Organic chemistry could
be fun. But it's not. You should see
the gushy look on mom's face every time
his name is mentioned.
Joey. Joey.
Oh, Joey.
Maybe it comes from eating too many raw
vegetables. Joey Russo is mom's first
love, Sam. You never forget your first
love. Never.
But so what
life will yonder window breaks?
It is the east
and Janet is the
one. Oh, Joey.
Joey.
About a Shakespearean tragedy,
Janet and Joey were joined at the hip.
Baby.
I got you, baby.
I got you,
baby.
Gag me with a peace sign.
Joey's going to march in here and
we brought her feet. Way to go, mom.
I'm sorry
I didn't get a chance to prepare a real meal
tonight. Oh, that's okay, mom.
After all, a busy woman like you
can't be expected to do everything.
And I'm sure the tofu wieners will keep for
another millennium at least.
It's just that with Joey coming to town
tomorrow night, well, there's been so much
to do.
Mom's out of control.
No, isn't it great?
She'll be serving those deep fried chicken
things. You know where you can't even tell
what part of the chicken it comes from?
Yes, come on. She hasn't even seen Joey
in 15 years. 17 years.
It's May 28th. Unless, of course, you
count his appearance on the Sally Jesse
Raphael show last August 19th.
But who's counting?
I can't wait to name him. I've already told
everybody at school. You have some?
How often do we have a real celebrity,
a man of true accomplishment grace our doorstep?
Well, not counting,
of course, you, dad. Small
purpose, and your father is not a celebrity. He's
an architect. Well, I was featured
as draftsperson of the month in the Midwest
regional architect newsletter.
They ran my phone.
We were so proud of you, dear.
Yeah, dad, and it's not like Joey's a real author,
like Dickens or Mark Twain or
even George Burr, he writes psycho babble
self-help books. Yeah, Clarissa,
Joey's helped thousands of people improve their lives.
Yeah, I don't know. It's interesting
how somebody with no background in psychology
can influence so many readers.
He offers good sound advice, and that's
why I spoke self. I still
can't believe.
I'm okay, aren't I?
I sold two million copies. And his new book
is doing even better. I can't wait
to get his autograph.
What's wrong, Marshall? It's your,
there's something different about
your hair. Oh, I
haven't highlighted. What's wrong with the hair
you've always had? I like that
hair. You look even more
glamorous now, mom. Oh,
wife, thank you, Ferguson. You know,
tomorrow night may not be a good time for Joey
to come. I have to cramp for a
math test. And I may have to work late,
and there's the ice fishing semifinals.
And the girl's got a treat that's doing no-none
in that. You know, you're always
nervous. It's natural. Joey's
famous. But it'll be
fine. Not.
At Turquoise necklace, your Aunt
Mephalda gave me last Christmas. I thought
I might wear it tomorrow night. I think
Fergbretz sent his Aunt Mephalda for her
birthday. Oh, really?
How's your autobiography coming?
I'm still waiting for my muse.
I think she retired to Miami Beach.
Well, maybe having a famous
author in the house will inspire you.
Oh, look,
here are all the letters you wrote
when, to your imaginary friend.
You know, maybe the past should stay
where it is in the past.
I'll admit, sometimes
it's hard to look back. Then it's all settled.
Just call Joey Russo and tell him not to come.
He's your past.
You're overreacting.
Why did you and Joey Russo break up?
I fell in love with your father and
Joey ended up marrying
Penelope for Magalneck. Well, now
there's a happy ending. Is she coming with him?
He didn't mention anything
about that. Mom,
dad can't compete with Joey Russo.
He's not famous. He's not rich
and he's not your first
love. Joey
is an old dear friend who's coming
for dinner. That's all. That's all?
Your imagination is running wild, dear.
Oh, maybe you can use it
productively in your writing. Huh?
Maybe mom's right.
Fish gotta swim, birds gotta fly
and imaginations gotta run.
What if dad becomes mom's past
and Joey becomes her future?
Proceeds. For the record,
Mrs. Darling, I'm your mom.
Do you deny knowing Joey Russo?
No, of course I know him.
Did you love him? Do you love him?
His books, the way his eyes crinkle when he smiles.
Objection, badgering no witness.
Stop it, birdhead!
Overruled. Thanks, Sam.
Don't mention it.
Remember, you're under oath.
You're a heck of a lawyer, sport.
Thanks. You're a heck of a dad, dad.
But Joey's so cute
and he was my first love.
The war's granted. Sam!
Just doing my job.
That does it. New rule.
Keep your friends close, but your enemies closer.
Yes, yes.
My book is going to be very big in self-help circles.
Huge.
Now, face largely of course upon my own experience.
It's called Smart Brother's
Dumb Sisters.
I'd like to ask you if you...
Hello?
Hello? Hello?
The last time your mom made canapes,
I can't remember the last time.
Did you know that these Smart Brother,
Dumb Sisters, and Joem
is most prevalent in middle-income homes
where the brothers younger?
It's fascinating. What does your research tell you
about the Smart Sister, Dead Brothers syndrome?
Fresh flowers, huh?
Boy, how fresh.
Well, your mom sure has gone to a lot of trouble.
Mom loves fresh flowers.
Yeah, well, sometimes she can go just too far
out of your way for a guest.
Has anyone seen Joey's book?
Down here, mom.
Janet, you look beautiful.
Oh, thank you, Marshall.
That's the name of Felder's necklace.
Oh, these are just my puka beads.
Who used to call them love beads?
I gave them to your mother
at the Kalutka.
Actually, I lost those when we went camping.
Joey gave me these.
He'll get a kick out of seeing them again.
I'm sure he will.
Oh, Joey!
Awesome, awesome!
That's Clarissa.
You're even prettier than your mom said.
And I'm Ferguson. I hope to one day
follow in your literary footsteps.
Literary? You mean monetary.
So how you doing, Marshmallow?
Whoa, hey, I'm fine.
Anything? Well, thanks.
First, let me take this call.
Oh!
Talk to me. It's my agent.
Fabulous, fabulous!
Yeah, they just booked me on Good Morning Oslo.
Big book town.
Fantastic! Do you do cappuccino?
So tell me, do I need an agent first or a publisher?
What's the average book advance?
Who's more personal? We're all through our films.
I love this kid.
That Joey hasn't changed a bit.
Still the high school heartthrob.
Whoever said,
me casa, a su casa,
didn't have Joey Russo in their casa.
This is a big guck.
Put it in park. How's it going?
It's going great, huh?
With my food.
I love this place!
You know, you could have got the chrysanthemum for $0.99.
I didn't want that. I wanted it.
$0.99 per sandwich.
Can you do that?
Yeah, but it's called a chrysanthemum.
Check in between the seats.
You could reach down in there and find enough change to pay for it.
You got the chrysanthemum? Is that your favorite thing to get?
Yeah.
How to make the most of a chocolate craving?
Mom!
Mom, what I'm thinking?
You thinking what I'm thinking?
All my Duncan Hines double fudge brownies
gives you both chocolate fudge in the batter
and the packet of extra fudge.
So you get chili
chocolate double fudge brownies.
Mmm.
You know what I'm thinking?
Is that delicious?
No, I don't.
Okay.
Duncan Hines.
Hershey's Symphony.
Not to toot our own.
Porn, but Symphony bars are our
creamiest, smoothest milk chocolate.
The very
symbols of distinctive taste.
And not to harp on the subject,
but smooth and creamy
Symphony is also available
with almonds and toffee chips.
There'll never be another unfinished
Hershey's Symphony
smooth, creamy.
Sounds delicious, doesn't it?
You love discovering new friends.
Your child will too
with a Disney Watch Me Talk Mirror.
Baby talks
and it talks back, helping baby learn
to speak.
Of magic.
Are you talking to me?
The Disney Watch Me Talk Mirror
designed by Mattel, making friends
you can believe in.
Clarissa's back and ready to snick.
Now on Nick.
We interrupt this table clearing
to bring you a special post-dinner party
Joey Russo update.
Joey's been here only two hours
and the very fabric of the Darling family
is coming apart at the scene.
Dad's been indiscriminately eating anything
for his son that he's jealous,
worried,
or host to a giant tapeworm.
Mark Brain giving new meaning
to the words kissing up
had Joey Russo autograph all his books
and every other book he could get his paws on.
And Mom's been giggling
and nodding her head like one of those
bobbing dogs in the back of a Chevy.
I have met the enemy
and his name is Joey Russo.
Hmm.
You know, this book idea
years could really take off, Ferguson.
I'm hoping for an initial printing of 50,000 copies.
Hard cover. Then there's the paperback rights
and a possible movie deal.
You're a true inspiration, Joey.
Well, just cut me in on the royalties.
Only kidding.
Well, you know, Ferguson, I understand
that you're not the only writer in that.
Oh, so Janet told you about my tub and tile piece
that I did for the penny saver.
They're talking column.
An article on bathtubs.
Pretty draining.
No, no, Clarissa, your mother told me
that you're writing your autobiography.
Very ambitious.
Not really. I have gotten past the title page.
Memoirs of a geek, master.
Catchy, huh?
Well, you know, Writers' Block is a very powerful force,
but there are things that you can do
to overcome it. A little tricks.
I could help you. Yeah, maybe he could self-help us.
Really? But you're so busy.
Ah, never too busy for Janet's daughter.
You know, Janet, she reminds me of you,
that spark, that spunk, that sense of style,
and of course, her unparalleled beauty.
Ah!
Oh, from a published author.
Hey.
Why not?
Hemingway, Faulkner, Jackie Collins.
Now, those are real writers.
Now, Clarissa, Joy has quite a busy schedule
and we don't want to monopolize his time.
I'm doing her homework, so when can you speak to my class?
We'll fit it in. Don't you worry.
Um, but,
Joey,
how exactly did you make the transition
from automotive sales
to writing?
Well, it wasn't easy,
but, you know, I always knew I had something vital
to share with the world,
and after my divorce.
Divorce?
Oh, didn't I tell you, dear?
No, it was inevitable.
I married the wrong woman.
Everyone makes mistakes.
What's important is that you're happy.
That's like what couldn't be happier.
And we couldn't be happier for you.
I'd like to take you to lunch tomorrow.
Both of you.
Tomorrow, G.C.,
I've got a meeting with the urban planning company.
Too bad, Janet.
My calendar's clear.
Hey, listen, I could clear my calendar.
No problem, Marshmallow.
I'll take care of it, Janet.
Now, if you'll excuse us,
Clarissa and I have our work cut out for us.
Well, let's get cracking on that autobiography.
Stay with you, sport?
Sport?
Did he just call me sport?
I'm on a roll.
What happened to your writer's block?
Block writers who idly sit around
waiting for inspiration are forever condemned
to stagnation and self-contempt.
Whoa.
I'm in trouble.
I removed all the sport metaphors,
my autobiography,
and now there's something lacking.
What?
Just being hard on yourself.
Read me what you have.
I am born.
I'm born.
I'm born and that's it.
I can't seem to make it interesting without the sport stuff.
I'm boring.
I've let a boring life always be boring.
I don't think you're boring.
You're my bud.
Mr. Fudstein will fall asleep reading this.
You're not boring.
Oh, no.
Name an exciting vacation I've been on.
Name any vacation I've been on.
You know what you mean?
Someone else's life, someone interesting,
exciting, vital.
Joey, he'd give me his life.
Joey Russo may be creepy, but he gives great advice.
Right from the heart, be who you are,
stop when you're done.
He's working out great.
Are you actually doing a 180 on Joey?
I haven't exactly 180,
but I've just sort of 120'd.
When life hands you a lemon, squeeze it.
This is the poem that got me into the poetry society
in college.
The goal does not know
what the shore hides beneath.
And yet this is so.
Why?
Oh, why?
I don't know. Poetry just scratches the surface.
What I was really known for
were my scathing editorials in the college paper.
And in conclusion,
I believe that longer hair
has made me a better human being.
I guess I missed my true calling, huh?
Many are called, but few are chosen.
Everybody envies a best-selling writer's life.
You signed over 200 books
and no writer's cramp.
Wow.
That was with the territory.
You write a bestseller, you got a autograph.
It was great, Dad.
There's two lawyers too on how to deal with the public.
How to smile, how to shake hands.
How to act humble while feeling superior.
How to start running when they start
flinging rotten vegetables at you.
It was fascinating, Marshall.
You must be exhausted.
Thanks for dinner.
Dinner?
He orders in French, Dad.
Really? Only in French restaurants.
Oh, be upset, you two.
And the night is young.
I promised Clarissa that I'd work on her autobiography.
Here it is.
I did just what you said.
I wrote from the heart. I was who I am.
I stopped when I was done.
Wow.
It's all here, places, events.
The people who've influenced you.
Oh, I didn't know you could spell Cruella de Vil.
And yet,
it's not there.
Where?
Let me give you an example for my first bestseller.
And I'm okay, aren't I?
I wrote of a woman who overcame
her fear of heights with a solo expedition
to Mount McKinley.
That had heart, that had determination.
That bought me a villa in the Costadelle Soul.
I don't think this is going to get me a villa.
It's just my homework for Mr. Foxteen.
You never know.
No one's life's interesting till you jazz it up a little bit.
Go for broke.
Who cares if you never hang glided?
Who's to know? The woman in my book hasn't climbed
a flight of stairs.
Is that legal?
Sure, it's called poetic license.
We just closed a deal to do the mini-series
I'm executive producing.
When you said let it flow,
I thought you meant the truth, not the sleaze.
I thought so, too,
until I got that first six-figure check.
Now I'm going to help Ferguson
with the marketing strategy for his book.
Run this through your computer.
I'll look at it tomorrow.
Well, Joey's so committed.
And so generous
with his time.
When does he leave?
Tomorrow and...
I can't wait.
I know Joey and I go back a long way
and I wish him all the best, but he's driving me crazy.
Really?
He's so taken with the success
and frankly, I find him boring.
Well, I guess sometimes you can judge a book by its cover.
I expected so much more from Joey Russo.
Well, you know what they say,
don't look back because the past
is never the way you remembered it.
Now all I need is for someone to explain
that to Mr. Foxteen.
Oh, I'm mad that you didn't send a stretch limo.
Got a couple hours before my flight.
Dallas, big book down.
Well, you don't want to be late.
You know, I'm glad we're alone.
There's something I wanted to ask you.
Oh, Joey, it's been such a long time.
Oh, I know.
I know how you feel. I know how I feel.
Please don't.
You know, I'm putting together research for my next book
and I wanted to use you for one of my subjects.
Excuse me. You wanted to use me.
What's this book about?
It's called The Women Who Still Love the Men
Who You Still Love Them.
Oh, Joey, you never cease to amaze me.
Don't pine over me, Johnny.
Joey, I wouldn't worry about that.
Oh, glad I caught you, folks.
Now you get a chance to fill these out
and be part of my next book.
Spouses of women who still love the men
who you still love them?
Children of women who still love the men
who you still love them.
Of course, I'll be mentioning the index,
and if it doesn't conflict with my school schedule,
I could be persuaded to go on tour with you.
Any plans to ruin it and say Greenland?
Who knows?
Greenland's a big book country.
Yeah, well, we'll make sure we mail them to you.
First class, promise.
Have a safe flight.
And don't forget to write and get it.
The big phony took the rest of you
a little while to catch on,
but I saw right through that author act
the minute he walked in the door.
Of course you did.
They say it's easier for lower life forms
to recognize their own species.
You know, seeing Joey
brought back lots of memories.
It did.
Made me remember why I married you.
Oh, Janet.
Oh, Marshall.
Oh, gross.
Major, much alert.
I'm out of here.
Don't go anywhere.
Hey, I'm Nick at Night's Block Party Summer.
Next.
I'm terrified.
It's pebbles time.
Fruity pebbles time.
Funny.
Time to wrap things up.
A free set of 30 baseball player cards
from Fruity Pebbles or any post cereal.
Heavy hitters.
Awesome rookies.
Free with five post proofs of purchase,
postage and handling.
Roller board.
It's wild.
When you get a Burger King kids' meal,
you're going to have a great final pop-up.
Something freaky is going on at Burger King.
Introducing life savers freaky fellas.
Four friendly freaks filled
with your favorite five flavor fun.
You can collect all four.
One with every kid's meal at Burger King
where the fun keeps rolling your way.
Go away.
Oh, yeah.
We're deep behind enemy lines
with micro machines.
F-15 Eagles and A-10 Warthogs
are taking off from the battle zones.
New trucks are putting up quite a fight.
Apache choppers and tags are bringing in
new troops and meaningful and heavy resistance.
This word just did.
Micro machines place sets and vehicle packs
with figures. Each sold separately.
You put them together.
There are two sides to every T.G. Bearwich.
You have such a sweet little teddy bear face.
T.G. Bearwich makes a wholesome
cream-filled sandwich.
T.G. Bearwich
a wild side of snacky.
Time nobody remembers.
Well, actually some people still around today
were around then, but then those people
tend not to remember so well.
Anyway, quite some time ago,
there was a time when families
just sat around and stared at a
blank space on the living room floor.
Then somebody had an idea.
I have an idea.
I'll create a new form of entertainment
people can watch in their own homes.
It'll be amusing, informative
and profitable.
And it'll really kick butt during the November
sweets in all of the major markets,
because let's face it, there's nothing else on.
I'll create TV.
Someone said, let there be the honeymooners.
What are these days, Alice?
And where the world was loosey-less,
now the world the love loosey.
Oh, loosey, you got something to do?
What else said?
Let them.
Everyone gathered around and tried to beat
out of him.
Body finally won out, and there were commercials.
And there was so far for Zimbabra,
Walt is in abuse.
And money knife football!
And some saw the tube
and said that it was good.
And some saw the tube and said that it
suckered eggs. And mom
saw the tube and said...
Not until you finish your homework, Buster.
Ah, come on, mom. It's a kung fu movie.
No way! That stuff is too violent.
Listen, if I ever catch you watching that
stuff, I'll pop you on.
Now, give me that remote.
Skipper!
Oh, what is it, little buddy?
There's natives on the island.
Gilligan, how many times do I have to tell you
there are no natives on this island?
Oh, that Gilligan.
Always getting into trouble.
Great.
Just when he's about to throw ginger into the volcano.
Is there a television in this house?
What's your problem here? Your television's under arrest.
Oh, what charges?
Instigating the downfall of American society,
decaying family values and airing herald, though.
This TV has the rights to remain unplugged.
Anything it asks can be used against it.
Oh, let's go. We got to do something.
And fast. We'll need some character witnesses.
Call Vanna White. She owes TV big.
I want that television back in this house
by prime time tonight!
The prosecution may call its first witness.
I call the average American family to the stand, your honor.
Raise your right hand. Number two, set me down.
Whatever.
Do you see the defendant in this courtroom?
Could you please point to it?
Could you identify it by name?
It's Telly. Telly Vision.
But its friends call it TV.
Do you recall where that television was
on the night of any night of this year?
That would be in the living room.
Not in the bedroom?
That's a 30-inch set with stereo surround sound.
You think I'm going to waste it in a bedroom?
Do you deny that on any given night
you willingly air 263 acts of violence,
134 gratuitous love scenes,
98 contact sports events,
and 3,248 acts of bad taste?
Huh?
Hey, look, television didn't create studs.
It just airs it, all right?
I offer as evidence these excerpts
from programs that aired earlier this week.
Touch Bone Pictures presents
Nick Nolte, Mike the Dog,
and the students of West Beverly High
in 90210.
It's a story of compassion.
Could you spare a dime?
Are you kidding? My gold card is maxed out
and I may even have to get a job this summer.
Sensitivity.
How about it, miss? Spare a little change for a sandwich?
Oh, I'm sorry.
I never carry anything smaller than a 20.
What's a sandwich?
And a young man's quest to find himself.
Dylan, share your pain with me.
I can help. I'm a wise old bum.
Pain? What do you know about pain?
I just lost a sideburn
in a terrible shaving accident.
Down and out in Beverly Hills,
90210.
This time, it's trivial.
90210 will be right back with more
self-absorbed upper-pressed whining
right after these messages.
Hello, this is commercial for the ingenious portable CD player
from Cardboard Vox, the creators of Cardboard Technology.
It gives you incredible cardboard sound.
I'm sorry. Actually, it's commercial for
this intelligent Cardboard Vox 13-inch TV
that has a built-in VCR.
Sorry, this is really commercial for this Cardboard Vox 52-inch telly
with a 100-watt Dolby surround.
Again, this is supposed to be a commercial for the first
miniaturized big-screen TV from Cardboard Vox.
They're smart. Very smart. How was that?
Great. That's rad.
It's for breakfast.
Stuff it, honey.
What?
Wait a minute. What did you say to me?
I'm eating stuff it, honey.
Excuse me, but you will not talk to me that way.
Oh, no, sweetheart.
It's the name of the cereal.
All righty.
Honey.
Now, how about some milk, fish face?
I'm always wrong.
Does everyone seem to think you're always wrong?
And do you wish you had someone who'd agree with you
no matter what you say?
Yeah. No, you don't.
Just kidding.
For all the agreements you can possibly stand,
call Ed McMaynays at 555.
It's Ed. That's Ed McMaynays.
Call now.
I think I should be able to dye my hair purple
and pierce my nose.
Cool. Okay, don't you think I should drop out of school
and become a groupie for the spastic knifings?
Yes, fabulous.
Cool. This is great.
What you doing? Oh, you've got to try this.
Tell one of your stupid jokes.
No one laughs at my jokes. No, this is different. Try it.
Okay, what's red and green and goes 100 miles an hour?
Give up a frog and a blender.
Oh, buddy, stop, sir.
And you thought my career was over.
You were...
This is not going to be easy. That was some pretty damaging stuff.
I call as my next witness is
the kids. Please tell the court about your relationship
with TV.
We'll reconvene in 60 seconds.
House will be back to snick after this.
Once you spot those golden grams
with that sweet touch of honey
and that graham cracker crunch,
you'll look a great length
to get your hands on.
They're a golden part of this complete breakfast.
You're not just good, you're golden.
Nick knows that a kid can never have too many pets,
but when you've already got a superhero dog,
a pretty cool cat,
and a very daffy duck,
the next pet you get is going to have to make a pretty big
splash.
That's why Nickelodeon has got Flipper,
a dolphin whose destiny is underwater adventure,
a mammal whose mission is kids.
We're his best friends.
Flipper, the splashiest member of the Nick Animal Gang.
Take him for a walk in the water.
Saturdays starting at 1.12 Central.
On the network that gives you what you want,
Nickelodeon.
You know her courage.
You know her loyalty.
Lassie.
And now watch Nickelodeon's heroic collie
in her very first TV series.
Lassie is Jeff's collie in
Jeff's Collie.
Meet her very first family
and see Lassie as you've never seen her before
with a boy named Jeff.
Adventures every afternoon.
Watch TV's original Lassie,
Jeff's Collie.
Weekdays at 2.30, 1.30 Central.
On Nickelodeon.
More roundhouse on Nick.
More time to sneak.
Back in session.
Then we know further dancing.
Ms. Browns, get it?
Right here. You may continue.
Your Honor, I believe these next pieces of evidence
will prove themselves.
Ladies and gentlemen,
Welcome to the Gun Law Sports Arena.
Today you will witness the greatest battle
at 285 pounds and 6'4".
All mad is Mad Dog.
In the talk, two and a half tons
of awesome preparation for this event.
Bigfoot had a tune-up yesterday.
This should be an interesting matchup.
Now to the field and see if we can get a reaction from the winner.
It seemed like a pretty easy win for you.
At first I thought I might see what kind of moves
Mad Dog would make, but as soon as he hit the truck
heck, I just ran him over.
Let's get a reaction from the loser.
Mad Dog, how do you feel?
I feel a little flat, Stevie.
Join us next week when Bigfoot takes on
Macaulay Culkin. Are you all right?
I don't feel too good. Uh-oh, is it?
Don't worry, I've got just the thing.
Even little ones can have a problem staying regular.
That's when I reach for Hull.
The peanut butter and laxative all in one.
When cause the patient
leaves you feeling blue
cause you can't do number two.
Reach for Hull. It's fun to do.
And it goes right through.
Other peanut butters throw away that crunchy outer shell.
But not Hull.
They use fresh Hull peanuts for fast acting fiber
in every bite.
When you're tired of it and not
Hull can get you off the pot.
That's all. It's fun to do.
And it goes right through.
Hull in regular or suppository.
And now, leave it to Beaver.
The last episode.
Where is it? I don't know.
I thought you had it. No, I gave it to you in the corner.
You remember? I never gave it to you in the corner.
Is this the psychic hotline? Yes it is.
And I knew you'd call.
Tonight on Who's the Boss
the answer to the burning question
that America has been asking itself
for nine torturous years. No, Angela.
I'm the boss. No, Tony.
I am the boss. No, I'm the boss.
Are not.
Welcome to the 24 hour vegetable channel.
All vegetables all the time.
This is a tomato. You will not see this
on our channel.
Honey, I cleaned the bathroom.
It smells like geese in here.
I used to that.
What could the Cleans be thinking?
Damn it, Jim, I'm a doctor, not a mind reader.
Okay, family.
It's time for a TV dinner.
Mom's talking about the new
real TV dinners from Stuffers.
They're made from actual ground up film and video tapes
from your favorite reruns.
Okay kids, what do you think? I love Lucy.
I'm through. You sit down
and finish those green acres. Oh, Mom.
Honey, would you like some more? No thanks.
Eight is enough.
Three dinners from Stuffers.
Because when some people say they eat, sleep and breathe TV,
they mean it.
Excuse me. Yes?
Are those bagel boy jeans you're wearing?
Oh, you're right.
So, you got your bagel boy jeans
but you still need some shoes.
Why not slip into a pair of Yiddish knights?
With Yiddish knights, you'll jump higher.
You'll fast longer.
Enough with the pump.
Just do it already.
Later tonight, tension erupts
and Captain Picard go head to head
for control of the universe
and thousands of dollars in fabulous prizes
on Star Surge, the next generation.
So, these two clions walk into a bar
into galactic intrigue
and the hottest hits tonight on Star Surge,
the next generation.
From ABC, the news and brief,
crime, traffic and rain.
I am Skip Loader and this is the Week in Rock.
Donnie Wahlberg is really weak.
Richard Marx couldn't carry his own app.
Vanilla ice is a total wimp
and Marky Mark only smells strong,
but he really isn't.
Watch the old and the hopeless,
followed by all these are my children
and now back to one minute to live.
MTV presents the band Unplugged.
Bones, what time is it?
Damn it, Jim, I'm a doctor,
not a grandfather clock.
It will bring the sheer joy of life
surging through your body.
It will leave you feeling so expressed
and so clueless.
We are in big trouble.
Back to snick after this.
Imagine your worst nightmare.
You trapped in a world of giants,
giants who pinch your face,
toss you in the air and even shine
bright lights on you and shoot you.
Shoot you?
If you were a rug rat,
this would be your life kept behind bars,
made to eat mush, forced to amuse yourself
with things that go squeak.
Everything you want just out of reach,
that's the life of a rug rat.
Thank goodness it's not your own.
The rug rats, one of the Nicktoons
every Sunday morning at 10.30, 9.30 Central on Nick.
He was the perfect vampire.
Except for one little problem.
Ducks have no teeth.
Let's see that again in slow mo.
But even without fangs, Count Duckula
was no quack.
Watch Duckipoo, his creepy butler Igor
and bigger than a bread box nanny,
travel the world, meet interesting people
and even go for rides in outer space.
If only real life was like this.
Count Duckula, every weekend on the network
you can really sink your teeth into.
Nickelodeon.
Thanks very much.
Danger Mouse, who conquers evil villains
and stops to drink a spot of tea.
Watch Danger Mouse, weekend mornings
at 9.30 Central on the only network for you.
Nickelodeon.
More roundhouse on Nick.
More time to sneak.
You'll be the judge.
You'll be the...
In the case of the people versus TV,
the honorable you'll be the judge presiding.
Your Honor, I think I finally found
something worthwhile on television.
Feast your judicial peepers on this.
Stretchy, I'd like to read a letter
I received from one of our loyal viewers.
Yesterday after watching your show,
I was rushed to the hospital where the emergency staff
had to pry my knees out from around my neck.
Is this normal?
Son, twisted sister.
Well, sister,
I guess you just didn't warm up properly now, did you?
Well, hey.
Hey, I think I'm stuck.
Well, this is just swell.
Hey, hey, something again there.
Come on, Bubba, what do you think you do your job for?
I mean, this is ridiculous.
Of all the things, I mean.
This is a test of the emergency broadcast system.
Had to spend an actual emergency.
The detector signal you just heard
would have been immediately followed by...
Thymaster.
Then there was the juicer.
Now, there's the thymaster juicer.
Just squeeze, squeeze, squeeze.
I didn't get enough of these cosmetically perfect dead beets
living in luxury.
Now you can see them every night at dinner
with the special limited edition
from the Stanklin Mint, Melrose Plates.
Oh, I'm saving up for Jake.
He's the best.
Uh-uh.
I mean, psych fees, bring a mother and daughter,
a special bond.
Have another flapjack, honey. Would you like some more juice?
Oh, sure, Mom. Say, do you ever get that
not-so-fresh feeling?
Well, of course I do, Missy.
With so much comfort, you might mistake them
for a second skin.
They're just underwear.
Bones. This man has a broken arm.
Damn it, Tim! I'm a doctor now!
I'm a doctor!
Oh, man, that's not right.
What's the matter, Axl, writer's block?
Did Metallica break up?
No, man, even worse. Something wrong with my life.
Nobody's leaving the band.
I'm in love. I haven't been arrested for almost two weeks.
Looks like you need suffering.
With suffering, you get the daily dose of traumas
that are required to relieve your major symptoms
of happiness and joy.
Such traumas is going to the ice-capades,
taking a shower,
being mistaken for Gunner Nelson.
Oh, heaviocity!
With suffering today, and if your bottle runs out,
hit yourself over the head with it.
Uh, excuse me.
Excuse me, waiter.
Do you ever feel like no other invisible,
like your voice just gets lost in the crowd?
We just don't sit there feeling sorry for yourself.
Break open that piggy bank and trot on down
to the school of TV announcing.
You'll learn to gain respect by properly emphasizing
key words and phrases.
Mom, I was warning, you know, if I could borrow
the brand new gun!
You'll learn the importance of repetition.
Hi, um, my book report is on Moby Dick,
and, um, it's filled with lots of, um,
foot-stomping, heart-pounding,
action, action, action!
And you'll probably learn how to express yourself
at sporting events.
Ow! He could go!
And you'll study the dramatic
parts.
Friday night, a very special
homecoming dance with
me.
Oh, really?
What did you have in mind?
Action, action, action!
The Winky Martindale School of TV Announcing.
Get yours today. Act fast.
Not responsible for viscosity or thermal breakdown.
Void wear prohibited.
Professional wrestling.
Siamese twin midgets.
And the women who love them on the next hurrah.
Occlusion rests.
Does the family have any closing arguments?
Look, Your Honor,
all I want is my TV back.
It's been so good to me!
Yes, Your Honor, we have
We, the jury,
find the defendant,
entertaining, vulgar,
enriching,
violent,
intelligent,
boring, wonderful,
deviant, and remarkable.
And we award the average American family
with the remote control to judge for themselves.
This TV is free to go.
This show is adjourned.
Reprise the theme songs and roll the credits.
Whenever my life gets me so down,
I know I can go down.
Down, down, down,
where the fun never ends.
As long as the music is playing,
you know what I'm saying.
I can find a friend.
That's good enough.
Groundhouse is taped
before a live studio audience
at Nickelodeon Studios,
at Universal Studios Orlando, Florida.
If there's a couch alone
in the forest, does it snick?
Stay tuned.
Let me think. What do I do today?
Oh, I know.
I'll think of all of my friends who live here
at Eureka's Castle.
Well, there's Eureka, of course,
and Bog and Quagmire,
Batley and Cooie,
and Mr. Knack, the three mice.
Well, that's it.
Oh, except me,
Magellan, on my tail.
Magellan's tail and all your friends
are at Eureka's Castle.
Weekdays on Nick Jr.
The next time your house needs repainting,
the choice is yours.
You can try and save money by doing it yourself,
scraping and painting away all your free time.
You can hire a professional to do it
and then have him keep coming back every few years.
Or you can make the exterior of your home
virtually maintenance-free by calling Sears
now at this toll-free number.
You see, siding from Sears stands up
to summer's heat and winter's damp and chill
to keep your house looking great year after year
without the bother and expense of frequent repainting.
And here's great news if you're a homeowner.
Call now when you'll receive
a free home inspection and estimate on Sears siding.
We'll help you select siding
that's just right for your home,
provide quality professional installation,
and even show you convenient credit plans
sure to fit almost any budget.
Call 1-800-937-6277 now
to arrange for your free home inspection
on Sears install siding.
Find out how you can make your home look like new
during our home improvement blockbuster.
Call toll-free 1-800-937-6277 now.
Marlin!
Now, cookie crisp!
Cookie crisp? Yes!
Another opening showcase!
Cookie crisp! An exciting part of this complete breakfast!
Cookie crisp!
Introducing Snap It Bike Bottle
is free on Cookie Crisp.
Want a bike bottle with a grip? Snap it!
One that can stay in the race? Snap it!
There's no other bike bottle like Snap It!
And now it's free on Cookie Crisp!
So if you want a bike bottle, that's a blast!
Snap it!
Hey friend, the fun never ends!
Hey chump, don't pump!
Snap it! It's automatic!
The color disappears, the fun never ends!
Pulsator and super saturated water guts
come complete with red and blue concentrated disappearing liquid.
Snap it!
Shoots lots of feet, can't be beat!
See why!
Motor ride!
The color disappears, the fun never ends!
Snap it!
Only from Titan!
I have asked Noopy to help me show some of the ways
that we can all help to clean the air
and fight ozone pollution.
First, support new programs from your community
that reduce air pollution.
Next, keep your cars and motor cycles in tune.
And conserve energy and use mass transportation
whenever possible.
Let's all work together to keep our air clean.
Remember, clean air means healthy lungs.
Cat upholstics to new cat agorys of catastrophes.
Eh, sounds like me.
Heath Cliff, the official cat of Nickelodeon.
Believe it or not, I've been known to lie.
But this here is a true story.
Now the desire for food sometimes makes strange bed fillers.
And that's where Ren-Hope and Stimpy come in.
That's hork, you idiot! That's hork!
Natural enemies in the wild, the cat and the Asma Hanchawa
have united in the face of adversity.
Now, old man hunger was just a gnawing at the bellies.
Why heck, even a dad-gum-crusted bread
could look mighty appetizing?
Except, of course, if it happened to be
some other feller's lunch.
An old man pigeon wasn't about to give up his meal.
Looks like old man Lady Luck
just about to run out on these two fellers.
But always remember,
when the black, hoary clouds of despair
darken your doorstep,
look for that one ray of hope.
Come a shining down from above.
I dig at your dog.
I filled my quota for the day.
You boys are gonna like this place.
We're gonna have a lot of fun here.
You boys like to have fun, don't you?
Yeah, sure. Fun. Anything to see.
Go ahead, have fun.
Yeah, this is a life.
A square meal a day, a roof over your head.
What do you think, boys?
Yeah, it's full of the shelter.
Yep, nothing can go wrong here.
Take it from Phil.
Hey, Jasper, wait until he can feel.
He's going to sleep.
Oh, great.
I could use a map myself.
Hey, Jasper, where's Phil?
I told you, they put him to sleep.
So wake him up.
You don't wake up from the big sleep.
The big sleep.
The big sleep!
What's the big sleep, friend?
Dad! Dad, you idiot!
You know what dad is?
Like we'll be when he'll get out of here!
Don't do it, man.
Better to be careful.
If you don't, that'll blow the city.
You'll learn to use this.
You can't hurt me, unless you take steampi, too.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Please, please, God, please.
We have a gift for our big brainless buddy.
Of course we do, yeah.
My first material possession.
Oh, joy.
I can hardly wait to try it.
What's the matter, Susie?
What's the matter, Jill?
We're sick of our toys.
We have a...
Well, let's have a look.
It's Log for Girls.
Yes, Log.
All kids love Log.
From Blamo.
Twizzles.
Limited time only.
Are you here?
Take a look at the new stuff on Nick.
We got tunes, a place to snick.
Plus the wildest games, animals, sports.
Brand new episodes, brand new shows, brand new.
So don't be the last to find out.
The First Kids Network's got great new stuff.
Now, back to Snack.
There you go.
Oh.
Yo, Steampie.
Look what they did to my...
Yeah, I got shot, too.
Wow.
You know what, Steampie?
This army business ain't so bad.
I think we found our niche.
What did he say?
Excuse me, a good place.
A worm.
Who follows orders?
You two insects.
Give me 20.
As a rule, I don't like to lend money.
Yeah, but you got an honest face.
I think the sides likes you best
because he gave you the most potatoes to peel.
Recruit, Steampie, report for tear gas training.
Tear gas room?
Me, you.
I tell you, man, there's nothing to get me in there.
Crying.
I cheated.
Held my breath.
Boy, Steampie, you're such a knucklehead.
Lisa, you moron.
I am smart.
You're stupid.
I know how to get around that big, dopey serge.
Stick with me, kid.
I know where I'm going in life.
Happy, happy, happy.
Peel, peel, peel.
Rest periods over.
Let's get a move on.
Did you hear me?
I said, let's get going.
You don't want to anger that big, dopey serge.
My dogs are killing me.
Hey.
Boy, it sure feels good to get those boots off.
You said it.
Good night, Ren.
Good night, Steampie.
And now, all I need is eight hours.
You're wanting to tear off the head.
You sleep.
No, no sleep.
No sleep.
No bed.
No, no, no.
You bed, bed, bed.
Hey, Guido.
It's all so clear to me now.
I'm the keeper of the cheese.
And you're the lemon merchant.
You get it?
And he knows it.
That's why he's going to kill us.
So we got to beat it.
Yeah.
Before you let's loose the marmosets on us.
Don't worry, little missy.
I'll save you.
Congratulations.
You graduated.
Beautiful flage tank paratroopers.
Steampie, I can't believe it.
We made it.
Not only do we have these cool uniforms and the swell tank,
we were also proud members of an elite fighting for.
Oh, beautiful, four spacious skies, four amber waves of grain.
Four purple mountains, majesty above the prudent plain.
America, America, gonna check his race on the air.
Kids, I start out my day with my favorite breakfast.
That's right.
Sugar-frosted milk is lumpy even in cereal.
Morning, sis.
It's time for Ask Dr. Stupid.
With your host, Dr. Stupid.
Oh, hello there.
Doctor, here's a letter from Jennifer from Bent Armpit, Wyoming.
And she asks,
Dear Dr. Stupid, what is that ugly white slab in my can of beans?
That's a very good question, Jennifer.
I'd better put on my patented stupometer on helmet.
Prepare to activate.
The answer's simple, really.
Jennifer, that ugly white slab in your can of beans is the queen bean.
And all the other beans are the worker beans that serve her.
Thank you, Dr. Stupid.
Tune in next time for Ask Dr. Stupid.
Nicoderm, nicotine transfer system.
Yeah, it's called Nicoderm.
Yeah, yeah, the patch.
Nicoderm, huh?
Yeah, it's a patch.
Nicoderm, bill, bill, by prescription only.
Drop everything and rush to pay less.
Why, is the whole store on sale?
Yes, every single pair.
Yeah, but how much can I save?
Like half.
Exactly.
Buy one pair, get the second pair half price.
So I can pick out any pair I want.
Your choice.
And get a pair for her for half price.
Right.
But the pay less, buy one pair, get a second pair for half price sale, and soon.
So hurry.
Watch me.
Okay, Eric, born April 28th.
That means you're exactly 5,450 days, 17 hours, 15 minutes, and 37 seconds old.
So, what have you been doing all this time?
Waiting for Kiki.
Where'd she go?
Must be nature going.
What the...
Hey, it's a flasher.
Gotcha.
Rose, my eyes are all red.
I look 5,000 years old, not 5,000 days.
What you see is what you got, old man.
It's like a ghost becoming real.
When's your birthday, Kiki?
Can we just get to the story?
Yeah, come on.
Come on, guys, let's go.
Okay, give me the pictures.
Sometimes a camera sees more than the naked eye.
Some Indian tribes hated to have their pictures taken
because they thought the camera captured your soul.
And maybe they were right.
Submitted for the approval of the Midnight Society,
I call this story the tale of the captured souls.
The ad in the travel magazine said,
It's the perfect hotel to spend a relaxing summer vacation
on a crystal clear lake.
Join us for a visit.
You'll never forget.
But Danielle and her parents
saw the place sounded too good to be true.
But the ad was right.
This was going to be a vacation
they will never, ever going to forget.
What a charming place.
Looks boring.
I could have gone to the ocean.
Aw, what's the matter?
You getting too old to have fun with us all of a sudden?
No.
All right.
Then let's do it.
It's locked.
Well, check over the door, maybe there's a key.
Well, hello?
You must be the salmons.
I'm Peter Curlin, the third.
It's wonderful to have you here.
Yeah, thanks.
Mrs. Salmon.
Very nice to meet you, Peter.
Are your parents the innkeepers here?
And this must be your lovely daughter, Danielle.
Uh, yeah, Danny.
Let me show you your rooms.
I think you'll find them very cozy.
It's beautiful.
Thank you.
Gross.
You're in luck.
We have no other guest this week.
Move the place to yourselves.
This is your room, Mr. and Mrs. Salmon.
I hope it's to your liking.
Wow.
What's with all the mirrors?
My family's been collecting them for years.
It's kind of a tradition.
I sure do like to look at themselves.
I kind of like them.
Sorry about that.
The wiring is quite old.
And the mirror?
Let me show you your room, Danielle.
Don't call me Danielle.
I hate that.
What do you think?
This is a closet, not a room.
Danny, don't be rude.
I think you'll be very happy here.
Are your parents around?
I guess we should be checking in.
Oh, they're not here.
Actually, they're off on a cruise.
I'll check you in.
You're here all alone?
Not anymore.
Range, little guy.
Totally weird.
Go for it.
You've got quite an arm there, Danielle.
Thanks.
Don't call me Danielle.
Come on, Pete, get in the game.
I'm not much of a sportsman.
Come on, pick up a glove.
All right. Here goes.
Oops.
Dad, I thought this was supposed to be our vacation gather.
Forget this geek.
Come on, sweetie. Give him a break.
He's all alone.
Besides, it'll be fun having somebody else to play ball with.
Here you are.
What's wrong?
Nothing. Nothing at all.
Let me take a picture of you all.
Go stand with your family.
What do you think of my room?
You live here all summer?
By yourself?
Possibly longer.
No parents?
I do what I want when I want.
It's like a dream come true.
Cool. What do you do for fun?
What do you want to do?
I always admire a girl with great physical strength.
Is this you?
No, wait. It says 1920.
It's my grandfather.
He looked a lot like me.
What's this?
It's an experiment.
My grandfather designed it years ago.
It's a transference of energy fields.
But you're killing the roses.
The geraniums are doing very well.
It's natural selection with a little help.
Don't ruin it!
Kay, okay, sorry.
What are you doing?
Really.
What?
Don't be such a dweeb.
Well, it's just...
Well, I think you're breaking out.
To reach the war-balanced avion-natural spring water
from the French Alps.
To be the best takes time.
I'm reading in the paper that Six Flags Great Adventure
has the greatest rides like the Scream Machine
with seven upside-down loops
that send you totally topsy-turvy.
So I call my best friend Mullen.
We drive over to where all these great rides are,
the adventure rivers,
and who's standing there with my total heart-throb, Veronica?
She says,
why don't we ride the Scream Machine together?
Get on!
My heart starts racing,
and we both start screaming,
and now I can't decide which is more thrilling.
Veronica?
The Scream Machine?
And I'm left wondering,
can I be in love with a roller coaster?
Get ready for us!
And now to snake with,
are you afraid of the dark?
What was he doing anyway, taking a light shower?
Yeah.
And why didn't he want his picture taken?
Maybe he was afraid of what they'd see.
The cylinder.
There are mirrors in there.
Exactly.
Mirrors.
Just like in the rest of the house.
You're out.
Yeah, you're lucked up with that curveball.
I'm up.
I'll pitch.
Hey, slugger, try this one.
Whoo!
Nice head, Pete.
Yeah.
He got lucky.
I gotta quit.
I'm feeling a little woozy here.
Must be the heat.
Well, we just started.
I'm sorry, honey.
I really am, Pete.
You go get the ball, okay?
Wait.
I'll get it.
Don't worry about it.
No.
I said I'll get it.
Let's go swimming.
Look, honey, I'm too tired.
Your father will take you.
He can barely play softball.
He's not gonna want to swim.
Go easy on him, Danny.
It's his vacation, too.
Great.
I think we're gonna have to get some medication
for your skin.
Put it on here.
It's just the old wiring.
In the mirror.
What happened here?
Get this cleaned up before somebody gets hurt.
I'm gonna take it now.
Peter?
Is that you?
Peter, curling the third.
Born 1907.
There's no date.
He must still be alive.
What are you doing?
There's something really weird going on here, Mom.
You look terrible.
You look in the mirror.
Oh, I know. I look terrible.
I guess it is.
It's just catching up with me.
We gotta leave right now.
Danny, your imagination is running away with you.
But you've gotten old in a couple of days.
What are you doing?
No, don't put it back.
Danny, don't be strange.
Can we just go home?
Oh, this country is getting me lightheaded.
Then let's get out of here.
I think I'll take a nap, too.
Wake as a kitten.
Very weird.
He really is wonderful.
I just find it takes so much out of you sometimes, you know?
Uh-huh.
Excuse me.
Is that a new guest?
What do you mean?
Some teen Danielle.
15 women.
34 kids.
And dogs.
So, you've found our little plot.
Who are you?
What are you doing to us?
You were right.
It's all done with mirrors,
which you have cleverly managed to avoid.
After tonight, you'll be all alone.
Just like me.
You can stay on in the house if you'd like.
We can be friends.
What do you mean I'll be all alone?
Your parents are checking out tonight.
What?
Oh, yes.
We've entered the final phase.
It won't be long now.
You leave my parents alone.
Stay with me, Danielle.
We can be young forever.
You're crazy.
No.
I'm very, very smart.
But if you won't join me,
I'll have to use you, too.
Ah!
It's too late.
You don't have any time.
Mom, Dad, is it...
No, Daddy.
Get up.
Come in or I'll get it, too.
Dear love,
give me a glass of water.
Look at yourself.
You don't know what you're doing.
I know what you're doing.
You're stealing other people's souls
so you can stay young.
How do you...
80, 90?
Don't be foolish, Danielle.
I'm offering you eternal youth.
You're a twisted old man.
I'm a scientist.
You're a monster.
Please, Danielle, don't do anything.
You don't understand.
Oh, I understand, all right.
I'm trying to take my parents away from me.
That's with the wrong girl, Peedy Boy.
Don't call me Danielle.
I feel like I've dropped a million years.
You all right?
Anywhere have you been?
I stopped him.
You stopped, too.
Peter, I was up in the...
Never mind.
Well, I feel great.
What do we do?
How about a trip?
Where to?
Anywhere.
That is a long way from here.
Danny, goodbye, Danny.
I'm going out back now
to join my family.
It's been far too long.
Enjoy your youth
while you can.
Danny, who was that?
Nobody.
I just found this out front.
Any of you who does?
No.
It just looks like some sad old man.
Danny never told her parents
a true story about Peter.
Okay.
Let's go.
They were safe,
and Peter wasn't going to hurt anybody again.
That's all that mattered.
And she finally convinced her parents
to go to the ocean.
So you see, sometimes pictures do tell the truth.
Whether you like it or not.
And I've got one shot left.
Bye, everybody.
Nick, you can sneak again next Saturday night
on Nickelodeon.
Nick doesn't care where it is.
Nick or treat?
Nick doesn't care how old it is.
Nick doesn't care what size it is.
Just make sure you answer it.
Nick or treat?
If Nick calls you this Halloween,
over 2,500 phones will ring.
So get an entry form at participating McDonald's
or send a postcard with your name,
address, eight, and of course,
phone number to Nick or treat sweepstakes.
Heo Box 4974, Orlando, Florida 32802.
If we call and you answer,
Nick or treat?
You win a glow-in-the-dark Nick t-shirt,
$5 and gift certificates to McDonald's,
and a package of amazing fruit gummy bears.
Halloween week, we'll separate the winners
Nick or treat?
from the losers.
Jones residence.
Practice any way you want.
Nick or treat?
Dress any way you want.
Sit any way you want.
Just make sure you answer.
Nick or treat?
Nick or treat is brought to you by McDonald's
and amazing fruit gummy bears.
And the place where only kids win.
Nick or treat?